These are the cad files:

A few details, The 2d cad files do not specify thickness.  
The PT-10 Drawings state .062" thick aluminum.  If you are 
doing the top panel, a 2MM (.072") panel was used in the 
prototype (as that's the actual depth of the cavity.) A 1.6mm 
panel is going to be weaker and there will be a lip at the 
edge of the cavity.

the back panel is actually a lot closer to .062".  If you 
get ambitious and combine the two panels on the same sheet, 
you are going to run into problems making the back panel fit 
at 2MM.  I made it work but its very tight fit.   If you 
wind up customizing the panel with cut outs its going to 
crack if you try to force it with any amount of structural cut 
outs.  For the back panel I recommend using 1.57 to 1.6mm 
thick material. I pulled all of the factory installed Tinnerman 
Fasteners off the case, they got in the way. You can use them 
with machine screws but I just ended up using m3 size screws 
everywhere.

if you just order the case without panels (I recommend this, 
you aren't using them) It won't come with them installed (or
shouldn't). The PT-10 drawings specify this as part 61691-02.

I used a standard kit of nylon m3 stand offs and screws off of 
amazon. I didn't keep track of the sizing.  I used a threaded post 
stand off and nuts to hold the PCB to the top panel with a screw, 
but there's loads of configurations depending on the height you'd 
like the keys to be from the top of the panned. Mine sit fairly low.

the PCB is just mounted to the bottom of the case with the same 
nylon standoffs. I put screws through the bottom into threaded 
stand offs and held the pcb to the tops with nuts. you can do
what you feel comfortable with there.

A BIG POINTER: use round panel mounts everywhere you can. 
unless you are very good with a Dremmel its going to be 
drastically easier to get the holes in, just start with a small
bit and step up the size.  I would go with point to point
wiring here. so much of the design relies on analog concepts,
you don't want to introduce noise into an otherwise noisy design 
adding a whole other PCB is going to add complexity.

I put a copy of the PT-10 drawings in the documents folder if 
somebody needs dimensions for some other reason.

The case can be found on mouser here: https://mou.sr/3LkjQmr  
Mouser #:616-82404-501-000  | MFR:82404-501-000 PT-10 BLACK 

I believe there's also a listing on digikey. 

case costs about 17.00 US
